W-16759088-editing-Funtions&Formats-2.8-dm (#389)
mulesoft/docs-dataweave: modules/ROOT/pages/dw-bindings-functions-callfunction.adoc

= callFunction
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

[[callfunction1]]
== callFunction&#40;namespace: String, functionName: String, arguments: Array<Any&#62;&#41;

> Calls a function that was bind in a given namespace with the specified arguments

Author: ```suggestion
Calls a function bound in a given namespace with the specified arguments.
```
